She must be killed!
She was chosen
to bear his child.
If she lives to bring about the End
of Days. there'll be no redemption.
All our souls will perish.
Thomas.
Okay. now. give me a big push.
That's it. that's it.
You're doing great.
You're doing great. That's it.
Okay. stop pushing.
Stop pushing.
I have the baby's head.
Don't push yet.
Okay. now. one little push ought to
finish this off. One little push.
You have a beautiful baby girl.
She's so beautiful!
Just gonna take her
and clean her up.
- Not yet.
- Hospital rules.
Please. You'll have her
back before you know it.
Blue team to ICU.
please. Blue team. ICU.
Here she is.
All fresh and clean.
You thought of
a name for her yet?
Christine.
Her name is Christine.
Happy birthday. Christine.
WBAZ time is 8:06.
Three more nights. New York. Three
more nights left in the century.
Three more nights
left in the millennium.
until every computer fails.
Three more nights until the biggest
celebration in the history of this city
starts in Times Square.
Where will you be?
Hey. Bobby. come over here.
Something weird is going on.
- What do you got there. Charlie?
- I don't know.
Pressure's climbing off
the gauge.
Go the other way!
Excuse me.
What the hell are you...
- You're on Gotham Talk.
- Say something interesting.
I'm trying to figure out what
everyone's predicting here.
Is the world going to come to an end at exactly
12:01 on New Year's or is it gonna...
I'll tell you what. lady.
I think you should play it safe.
not quit your job just yet.
Tell you something else.
in two more nights.
this place is gonna see
the wildest party ever.
We're going to be there with
the first hundred callers.
we're gonna make
the most noise.
and we're gonna be the craziest.
and if the world comes to an end.
well. what the hell.
we're all gonna be together!
And if it doesn't
and I don't think it will.
then we'll all have the best
time anybody has ever had.
Let's go. We're gonna be late.
Honey. I'm home.
I was just
pulling myself together.
It's gonna take
a lot more pulling.
You are looking
very sharp this morning.
- Thanks.
- You're welcome.
You got about five minutes
to get ready. Here.
There's enough caffeine in
this to kill an elephant.
Ought to get you started.
So what's today?
Transport.
Anyone special?
No. just some
Wall Street scumbag.
Why the hell does he need
all this protection?
Well. I guess he fucked with some people
that didn't like being fucked with.
Personally. I like scumbags.
They pay better.
They say breakfast is the most
important meal of the day.
No. I'm good. Thanks.
Striker 1.
FDR Drive and Bridge.
Follow 3. FDR southbound.
Striker 1. stay close.
Striker 4... Okay. you zeros.
these people are
paying us good money.
Get your heads out of your asses
and start earning those paychecks.
Follow 3.
give me a visual sweep.
Striker 1. rooftops 125 to 136 clear.
Keep them clear.
Striker 4. advise and
contact me at the hotel.
Follow 3 is on approach.
ETA. two minutes.
Striker 1. follow 2 and 3 in
tight formation. Do you copy?
Air 1. make a final sweep.
Roger that.
Follow 3.
We have nest in sight.
Air 1. westbound over Zone 2.
Ten seconds out.
Roger. Ten seconds.
Follow 3. we have arrived.
Keep everyone close.
- We're exposed.
- Roger.
Sky 2. fire escape.
southwest corner.
Fire escape's negative.
You're wrong!
Shooter! Evac! Evac!
Get in the car!
Man down!
Call NYPD! Get me an ambulance!
Striker 1.
what the hell's going on?
I see him. I see him.
Shit!
Oh. shit! Tell me you remembered!
Come on!
Get up. you pussy.
Where's the shooter?
- Headed for the roof.
- So are we.
Sky 2. get the fuck
down here. and now!
Come on. hurry!
Take us up there!
Move in! Move in!
Set us down! Hurry!
There's too much crap
on that roof!
We'll tear off the main rotor.
Then get us down
as low as you can!
Hurry now! Go!
Strap me in!
You're good!
He's going to jump
off the roof! Shit!
He's got him!
Gun! Gun!
Stop him!
The thousand years has ended!
The dark angel
is loosed from his prison!
Get down on the ground and put
your hands behind your head.
You don't know
what you've done!
Get down or I'll put you down!
The thousand years has ended!
You don't know
what you've done!
Priest that drinks.
Can't be all bad.
I think the police may
want that at some point.
They call it evidence.
I like to get a head start.
No reason to
make it easy for them.
Yeah.
All right. Here.
Watch the lines.
Coming through here.
She doesn't look happy
with the statements.
Should've just killed that son of a bitch.
Less paperwork.
- Hey. Detective.
- Bobby. Hey. Jer. it's been a while.
Hey. How are you. Marge?
Can't complain. You?
It's a nice day
to jump out of a helicopter.
Well. just doing my job.
Now. listen.
Something I got to ask you.
- Yeah. what is it?
- You still drinking?
Oh. yeah. we got all
liquored up this morning.
- We start every day that way.
- I'm just reading his statement.
You said here
the guy spoke to you.
Yeah. So what?
The guy doesn't have a tongue.
What?
He has no tongue?
Why don't I just leave that
little detail out for now?
No big deal. right?
Are you saying
that I imagined all this?
No. I'm just saying.
I saved a life today.
- What the hell did you do?
- All right. let it go.
- No. no. I know what I heard.
- All right.
Those people who don't belong
here. get them out of here.
Make sure this place is secure.
A drunk hangs out in the neighborhood
bar. passes out enough times.
people would know where he
lived from carrying him home.
I mean. it's one thing I know.
Yeah. well. it's important
to be an expert at something.
Oh. it took years of research.
This must be it.
What do you want to bet
it's rent-controlled?
Well. I don't think
this is paint.
A real art buff.
I don't go for this look.
It's just too damn busy.
Listen to this.
"I have seen the earth
laid to waste."
"I have seen
the horror to come."
"Is it a sin to wish
you were never born?"
"The thousand years have ended."
"20:7."
It ends in a football score.
That's nice.
Hey. I found something.
Can you see what it is?
His tongue.
He must have
cut it out himself.
Okay. And why is it someone
would cut out their own tongue?
- To keep from talking.
- Right.
Well. I could eat.
- Shit!
- What?
All right. I knew that
was gonna happen.
No. it's all right.
There's something in here.
Have you ever seen her before?
This guy is
no ordinary hit man.
No. this one's extraordinary.
Let's get the hell out of here.
This place is making me itch.
- Drop it. don't move! Freeze!
- Don't move! Freeze! Don't move!
It's us.
Jesus. How the hell did
you two find this place?
Lucky guess.
So what did you find out?
His name's Thomas Aquinas.
He's a priest.
Why don't you tell us
something we don't know?
A homicidal priest.
That's good.
Yeah. well. it gets better.
He studied at the Vatican. He was
one of their alleged visionaries.
Came here in '81
to St. John's Church downtown.
Six months ago. he disappeared.
Priests there say he was
having a spiritual crisis.
Oh. yeah. That's what this is about.
Spiritual crisis.
Doesn't make any sense.
I mean. what's a priest doing
shooting at a Wall Street banker?
A Wall Street banker. by the
way. who suddenly disappeared.
Maybe we should ask the girl.
What girl?
The guy. The guy. Priest guy.
There's five million women
living in New York City.
How we gonna find her
without a name?
Here.
Look. I already gave you
some money.
Can you just move on please?
He's coming for you. He's
coming for you. Christine.
How do you know my name?
He's gonna fuck you.
He's gonna fuck you. Christine.
Can you see him?
Who are you?
How do you know my name?
He's gonna fuck you. Christine.
I'm sorry.
Sorry.
The thousand years have ended.
Thousand years have ended.
"When the thousand years
are ended."
"Satan shall be loosed out
of his prison."
"20:7."
Christine?
I'll be there in a sec!
Doctor's office.
Hello. is Dr. Abel in. please?
Who's calling. please?
It's Christine York.
Christine. listen to me.
We've been over this before.
It's a terrible thing to lose your parents.
I know it was a long time ago.
The holidays always make something
like that feel much worse.
Understand. these dreams
are your creation.
There's nothing real
about them.
You control them.
They don't control you.
Take another Xanax
to relieve your anxiety.
You are fine. Trust me.
Another vision?
Why didn't you tell me?
I didn't want you to worry.
I'm your stepmother.
It's my job to worry.
No big deal. really.
Just someone on the subway car
turned into porcelain and shattered.
What's wrong with me? Why do I see things?
Why am I so different?
Oh. you don't know
how special you are.
You're better than everybody else.
Just remember that.
I don't want to be better or worse.
I just want to be normal.
I want a normal life.
You have to have patience.
All good things will come to you.
You'll see.
Excuse me.
I'm sorry. we're closed.
I would like to talk to you
about Thomas Aquinas.
- Father. please. I need you downstairs.
- Just take these.
- Father. please.
- Go.
I've already told the police. Thomas
was a friend of mine and a colleague.
He had nothing to do
with what happened today.
Well. there was no one else
on that fire escape.
You don't understand.
I understand getting shot at.
and I don't like it.
He shot at you?
No. he shot at my client.
And I happened
to get in the way.
Who's your client?
That's irrelevant right now.
What I want to know is why would
a priest try to kill someone?
Listen. you've been drinking. I've got
14 years sober and I can spot that.
Well. good for you.
Your friend and colleague.
was he working for someone?
Yes. he was working for God.
So God ordered a hit
on an investment banker?
There's an awful lot
that you don't know.
You think you've
seen everything?
You haven't. There are
things you never dreamed of.
There's another world
out there!
Thomas saw it
and it destroyed him.
Well. I've seen a lot. too. but there's
nothing that would make me cut my tongue out.
Yeah. well. wait a few days.
What happens in a few days?
Did Thomas tell you
about a girl?
No.
I see. Do you believe in God?
Maybe once. But not anymore.
What happened?
We had a difference of opinion.
I thought that my wife
and daughter should live.
and he felt otherwise.
I'm sorry to hear
about the loss.
Maybe it's time for you
to renew your faith.
This girl.
Is she in trouble?
Does she need help?
I have a lot of things to do here.
Excuse me.
Excuse me. I have a few more
questions. if you don't mind.
I've got a question for you.
If you don't believe in God.
how can you understand
his adversary?
Now I have to believe in God
in order to solve a crime?
I'm sure that you can
find your way out.
How many have received
the stigmata?
She's the third this week.
What is she saying?
Please. for your own good. get
out and forget what you've seen.
Was Thomas part of all this?
There are forces here at work
you couldn't possibly comprehend!
Now. please. leave!
No. it's just I hate the fact that
they put finals after the holiday.
It ruins the whole meaning
of vacation.
I wouldn't worry.
You always do fine.
Besides. a bad grade
isn't the end of the world.
It's you.
- I didn't...
- Where is she?
The girl is safe.
And what of the world?
Everything is as planned.
Our acts go unnoticed.
unquestioned.
We're everywhere.
Daddy. who is it?
- Is this your daughter?
- Yes.
- This is your wife?
- What's wrong. baby? What's wrong?
- It was a dream.
He came for me again.
It's only a dream. angel.
It felt closer.
Throughout the country.
the National Guard
has been put on alert
as a precaution in case...
Rudolph Giuliani urged
all citizens and police
to stay calm during
this holiday season.
No explanations yet
for how blood on the hands
of the Christ child.
depicted in Michelangelo's famous
sculpture of the pieta...
atmosphere of fear and
panic. random acts of violence
are being attributed to satanic
cults who seem determined
to disrupt New Year's celebrations
throughout the world.
Here in New York...
Sorry. pal.
you can't come in here.
The young boys that you seduced
have left their scent upon you.
Remember who it is
that you serve.
Open your eyes. Thomas.
Look. Look at the face
that has haunted your dreams
for a thousand years.
They say you can see
the future. Thomas.
Then you must know exactly
what I'm going to do to you.
We still don't know what we
hope to get from this guy.
He's got no fucking tongue
for Christ's sake.
He can write.
Dr. Hansel. to surgery.
please. Dr. Hansel.
Fuck me.
There is still no explanation
for the devastating explosions that
rocked Midtown two nights ago.
In the wake of
Tuesday night's explosion.
investigators from the
New York City Fire Department
are still at a loss to explain
why the restaurant suddenly burst
into flames. killing at least...
Hey. asshole.
watch where you're going.
Hey. I like the shirt.
Screw you. man.
Hey. kid.
Nice shirt.
I'm telling you. no one entered the room.
Maybe he did it himself.
Then how did he get
the last scalpel in?
Oh. my God.
It just keeps getting better.
I've never seen
anything like this.
I think this is written
in Latin.
"When the thousand
years has ended."
"Satan shall be loosed
out of his prison."
This next part is not clear.
I think it's in English.
It says. "Christ..."
"Christ in New York."
Christ!
Well. it's official. I'm
never sleeping again. ever.
You okay?
A guy cuts words
into his chest.
Someone else nails him
to the ceiling.
What's not okay?
So where we going?
The girl. I got to talk to
her. find out what she knows.
Wait. wait. we don't have a name. all right?
That would help.
Well. maybe we do. Maybe it's
not "Christ in New York."
Maybe it's "Chris in New York."
"Christine in New York."
"Christine York."
Let's run a DMV check and find out
if any of those names come up.
Hello. Christine York. Sometimes
you border on competent.
I know. It's scary. isn't it?
Christine?
Mabel called. She'd like you to get
dressed and join her for lunch.
Grazie. Carson.
No!
Shit!
No! No!
Help!
Goddamn it. get off of me!
Go downstairs and watch
the front door! Please!
Help! There is no
sanctuary but heaven.
You must go there now.
What are you doing?
I commend you to Almighty
God and entrust you...
At what point is this considered
interfering with a police investigation?
Hey. we are private citizens having a
conversation with another citizen.
I mean. I don't think they've
found a way to outlaw that.
At least not yet.
Please! No!
May you return to him...
Go down there.
Do whatever you can.
I need more time
to finish the last rites.
- May Christ. the true shepherd...
- Help!
- Stairs.
- Covered.
Help!
May you see your redeemer...
Forever. Amen.
Son of a bitch!
You all right?
Yeah. Check the body
down the stairs.
What body?
Call the police
and get an ambulance.
Take it easy. We're the good guys.
All right? What happened?
Carson. Those men...
Those men.
they tried to kill me.
Why?
Eight jets. variable speed. That's
what I call dying in style.
What kind of girl lives
in a house like this anyway?
Oh. she's an orphan.
Both parents deceased.
After her mother died. the
home nurse married the father.
Now the nurse
is the sole guardian.
I think it's adorable the way
you talk like a real cop.
Yeah? So you think maybe after they
clean up this mess. we could...
- Don't tempt me.
- soak a little?
They relax me. You want one?
Oh. no. thanks. I drink.
My little girl
had one just like it.
Really?
Yeah? You snoop through her
stuff without asking. too?
When I was looking
for something.
What are you looking for?
A connection.
Most days. I don't feel
connected to anyone.
I noticed a lot of
religious books outside.
They're my stepmother's.
Is she a big believer?
No. not really.
It's mostly just kind of
like a hobby with her.
Do you know a priest by the
name of Thomas Aquinas?
No. Is that your connection?
Religion?
I've seen a lot of
attempted murders.
but I've never seen anyone
perform the last rites before.
- Christine?
- In here!
Are you all right? Oh. my God.
I just heard what happened.
Did they hurt you?
I'm okay. but Carson...
I know.
I'm just so glad
you came along when you did.
Thanks.
I didn't realize you knew where the
library was. let alone had a card.
Well. there's
a lot about me you don't know.
They're right outside.
- You must bring her here.
- He is waiting for her.
No. that's impossible! They'll
follow me and find the temple!
I couldn't convince her
to come here.
Yuck!
Then I shall have to go to her.
Did I mention
I had a date tonight?
Not just the inflatable kind.
A real live girl.
Did you break up
with the inflatable one?
Yeah.
She was just too needy.
Everything was about her.
It's just that with this. it's
starting to feel a lot like work.
Normally. I wouldn't mind work.
because. well. you know.
we'd be getting paid.
Watching rich people for free.
It just seems odd. doesn't it?
Okay. I'll wait here.
Change your mind
about the pill?
I found something.
Christine. what are you doing?
Why is that man here?
I'll be five minutes.
She loves me to death. but
she's a little overprotective.
I took this from
one of your attackers.
- Did you show that to the police?
- No.
If I did. it would just end up
in a small plastic envelope
on one of their large shelves.
That's pretty cynical.
Well. I've put a few of those envelopes
up on that large shelf myself.
I used to be a cop.
Now. this amulet
is from a Masonic order
in a former sub-herald
of the Vatican Knights.
The Knights of the Holy See.
They await the return
of the Dark Angel to earth.
So. the men that attacked me
are devil worshipers?
No. This says they're
the good guys.
They're the ones that are supposed
to stop the devil worshipers.
- Those were the good guys?
- What does that have to do with me?
I'm sorry.
I have a medical condition.
Sometimes I see things
that aren't there.
No. I saw it. too.
I've been having visions
ever since I can remember.
but I've never
shared one before.
There must be an explanation.
I hope so because I've been
waiting all my life to hear it.
Let's get out of here! Come on!
You're not going anywhere.
- What are you doing?
- There's no time to discuss this.
After all these years of
waiting. it's finally happening.
What's happening?
You can't run away now!
Stop it! Let her go!
No!
Right now!
Shit!
Don't you love me?
Didn't I give you everything?
Haven't I been a mother to you?
No!
Oh. my God!
- Christine.
- Oh. no.
You know who I am.
I've come for you.
Let's go. Come on.
You only had one simple job
and you couldn't even do that.
Hey. Marge? Marge. over here!
We need your help!
Easy with the hardware.
Jesus. Marge! What the fuck?
It's okay. Jer.
We just want the girl.
Okay. tell me what the
hell is going on here?
- I don't know.
- I don't believe you.
- All right. I'm coming out.
- Throw out the gun.
Please don't leave me here.
Please!
Hands on your head.
- What?
- Hands on your head. Now!
What do you want with her. Marge?
Why is she so important?
Just the girl.
You can kill him.
Come on! Quickly.
You. I don't need.
But you...
Call your people. Find them.
Over here.
Goddamn it!
Get up. Come on. Get up!
My best friend is dead.
Everyone is trying to kill us.
I just shot two cops.
Why is everyone after you?
I don't know.
I swear. I don't know.
Why is this happening?
I know it's my fault.
I just don't know why.
That man on the stairs.
what do you know about him?
- Nothing.
- Come on.I saw your face.
- You recognized him.
- I don't talk about it.
Tell me. I need to know.
I've seen him before.
In my dreams.
- In your dreams?
- They're nightmares. really.
He takes me
and he makes love to me.
I've been making love to him
my whole life.
I thought I was crazy. but he
was never real before tonight.
Oh. he's real.
I've seen him before.
I'm afraid.
Don't be afraid. I won't let
him do any harm to you.
I'm afraid of me. I'm afraid that if
I see him. if he tries to take me.
I'm gonna want him to.
Let's go!
- Where are we going?
- To get some answers.
You don't need that.
You have no enemies here.
I'm not so sure about that. This girl
was just attacked by your people.
- Your Vatican Knights almost killed her!
- Vatican Knights?
Oh. my God.
Well. they're not my people. They think
they're doing God's work. but they're not.
I want to know what's going on
and I want to know right now.
All right. put the gun away.
Did anybody see you come?
- No.
- Good. We should be safe here.
According to the scriptures. he can't
see inside of the house of God.
- Who can't?
- Maybe now you're ready to believe.
Her hands are healed.
That's the power of faith.
- Who is she?
- She's a Polish peasant.
She fell into a trance
about two weeks ago.
and then she began to speak in a language
she couldn't possibly have known.
And she made a prophecy
about End of Days.
End of Days?
Of man's destruction and the
Unholy's reign upon the earth.
Why don't you stop all this church talk
and tell us what the hell is going on?
Who's after her?
Well. if you'll excuse me.
I'll try to explain.
Do you know anything
about the Number of the Beast?
Revelation of St. John?
From his dream?
666?
The Number of the Beast
is not 666.
Often in dreams. numbers appear
upside down and backwards.
So. 666 becomes 999.
Like in 1999.
the year of his return.
What does that
have to do with me?
The return of Satan.
Does any of this
look familiar to you?
She's been chosen.
He's in her blood.
The Holy Church has been searching
for you since the day you were born.
- Chosen for what?
- Every thousand years. on the eve of the millennium.
the Dark Angel comes
and takes a body
and then he walks the earth. looking
for a woman who will bear his child.
It all has to happen in that unholy
hour before midnight on New Year's Eve.
If he consummates your flesh
with his human body.
then he unlocks
the gate of hell
and everything as we know it
ceases to exist.
So. the Prince of Darkness
wants to conquer the earth.
but he has to wait until an hour
before midnight of New Year's Eve?
Is this Eastern time?
It's got nothing to do
with New Year's Eve.
It has to do with a temporary
celestial alignment.
The Gregorian monks
studied the heavens.
They were able to calculate the
precise moment of this event.
They created our calendar
by mapping this event
and counting backwards
from that moment.
I think it was a mistake
to come here.
It doesn't matter whether
you believe or not.
He's real and he won't rest
till he finds this girl.
Why did he pick me?
Because the stars were right
when you were born.
A man's body was also chosen.
just like yours.
If the devil does exist. why
doesn't your God do anything?
It's not my God.
It's our God. and he doesn't
say that he will save us.
He says that we will
save ourselves.
Save myself? What am I supposed to do?
Get a restraining order?
- We have to have faith.
- Faith.
Yes. faith.
It's an interesting concept.
If you read the Bible.
you can't miss it. Faith!
Between your faith
and my Glock 9 mm.
I take my Glock.
Come. let's go.
I'm afraid it takes a person of
pure heart to defeat pure evil.
You did your job. You brought
her here to people of faith.
We'll protect her.
We'll hide her.
You know. you live
in a different world.
We have some real serious problems
here and this is not solving them.
Satan's greatest trick was
convincing man he didn't exist.
I don't...
This all feels true to me.
You'll be safer with me.
At least. I can fight this guy
with something real.
You know what to do.
You feel it.
I'm sorry.
Let him go.
It gets easier when
you accept what you are.
A fallen soul.
Door's locked.
no windows broken.
- How did I get in here?
- Who the fuck are you?
Oh. I think you know who I am.
You just don't want to
believe it.
I took a bullet for you.
I protected you.
Oh. no. no. you didn't protect me.
You protected this body.
Am I getting a pattern here?
So much pain. "Not to be
taken with alcohol."
Remember that.
To lose a wife and child.
I can't even imagine
what that must be like.
- What do you want?
- To make you happy again.
A gift from your daughter?
Amy?
Don't stay in there too long.
You'll turn into a prune.
Emily.
Come on. darling.
It's time to get out.
Got to get you dressed. Your
daddy's gonna be home soon.
I have the best daddy
in the whole world.
Yes. you certainly do.
But I don't think
he'll be home.
Now. what makes you say
a silly thing like that?
He never comes home.
Well. honey. you know
your daddy works hard.
It's not about how much time you're there.
It's about "quality time."
Now. he'll be home just like he promised.
You'll see.
He keeps his promises.
I can give it all back to you.
Everything that he took away.
Everything.
You can hold your wife again.
You can watch your daughter walk
through the door in her prom dress.
All you have to do
is tell me where the girl is.
Come on. She's a nobody to you.
You don't even know her.
You're in the middle of something
you don't really understand.
You think you're saving her from me?
She wants to be with me.
You know that.
So. what did you do
in school today?
You think I'd harm her?
I'd treat her like a queen.
You told me once you'd do
anything to get your family back.
You want them?
This is your chance.
They're not real.
Does that matter?
Oh. yes.
I think you need to be reminded
of how painful reality is.
No!
Don't hurt my baby!
Daddy!
Let my daughter go!
Let go of my baby!
No!
Oh. it's true.
Oh. no.
It wasn't your fault.
- I wasn't there.
- No. you were just...
You were out doing your job.
I wasn't fucking there!
Oh. look at you.
Torn apart by guilt.
You didn't do anything wrong.
You were an honest cop.
You didn't take money.
You had to testify against them even
after they threatened your family.
Most people would never
testify against those guys.
They're not like you.
You had to do the right thing.
And where was God? He could've
stopped it. but he didn't.
He fucked you. And then
he made you feel guilty.
Me. I don't do guilt. I
didn't do what happened here.
He did.
Now you just think about that.
Then you tell me
who's really your friend.
I can make it like
it never happened.
All for the price of
a stranger's address.
No!
You will never see the girl!
Now. you see.
Now you're upsetting me.
You don't want to
see me upset. believe me.
Oh. you want to fuck with me?
You think you know bad?
You're a fucking choirboy
compared to me! A choirboy!
You're in touch with your anger.
I really like that.
I don't know about you.
but I'm gonna have a drink.
You and I are so much alike.
We're nothing alike! Nothing!
Look at yourself. Look at this.
Look at what you are now.
You walked away from the light just like me.
You want one?
You need to get out. now.
Come on.
You know what's in your heart.
We're on the same side.
I'm not on your side.
and I never will be.
What. you're on his side? He's the
one who took away your family.
Let me tell you something
about him.
He is the biggest
underachiever of all time.
He just had
a good publicist. that's all.
Something good happens.
"It's his will."
Something bad happens.
"He moves in mysterious ways."
You take that overblown press
kit they call the Bible.
You look for the answer in
there. what do they tell you?
"Shit happens." Please.
He treated you like garbage.
You walked away.
I'm not the bad guy.
What about the End of Days?
Think of it as a new beginning.
A change of management.
And you'll be right there
with me on the ground floor.
It will be so cool.
Tell me what you want.
Tell me what you really want
and I'll give it to you.
I'll tell you what I want.
I want you to go to hell.
You see.
sometimes the problem is
hell comes to you!
Don't fuck up the coat.
I've wasted too much time
on this.
You see those insignificant little
dots down there? Do you see them?
That's what you mean to me.
Now. give me the girl!
Not today.
Look down.
Now. look in your heart and
tell me you don't want to die.
All you got to do
is take my hand.
And I'll give you back
everything that he took away.
- Come on.
- Okay.
Okay. Okay. Okay.
Fuck you!
Hey. Hey!
I thought you were dead. Couple
of seconds. I would've been.
All I remember is stepping out of the van.
then I woke up in the fucking gutter.
- What the hell are you doing here?
- What are you talking about?
I've been looking for you all night.
What the hell happened to you?
Hey. Hey. Hey.
I can't trust you.
All right. look. I don't know how
much you had to drink. okay?
- But let's not point the gun at me?
- I just need to know.
You need to know what?
That you are you.
Of course. I'm me!
What the hell are you
talking about?
You took his body.
All right. You're ill. Okay?
You need some help. All right?
Oh. fuck! Jesus!
Fuck. You're bleeding.
Of course. I'm bleeding!
You fucking shot me!
- I just needed to find out!
- Well. you found out. okay?
- Stop being such a pussy!
- Pussy? Come on!
- It's just a scratch.
- Oh. Christ.
- Fuck.
- Does it hurt?
Yes! What do you think?
Jesus. What the hell's the matter with you?
What's going on here?
I can't explain.
I shouldn't have
left her alone like that.
I should be with her.
Tell me what to do.
I got to get back there.
Got to get her as far away
from him as I can.
Okay. we leave town. You get her.
I'll get a Striker car.
Just tell me where to meet you.
St. John's Church in one hour.
How much longer. Father?
Well. he has to sire his child between
11:00 and midnight tomorrow night.
So. we must keep you hidden
till that hour passes.
- We've come to help.
- Your Eminence.
In this hour of darkness. we
need all the help we can get.
How's the girl?
The girl's fine. Thanks.
No.
No. Father! Father. they're the
ones who tried to kill me!
- No!
- Your Eminence. what are you doing?
- We cannot allow this union to take place.
- No! No.
- Please!
- You can't! You mustn't!
Let go!
She is only one life.
How many lives are you prepared
to end if we do nothing?
That's not who we are.
Of course. it is.
We are doing God's work. We are
preventing the End of Days.
But you can't prevent evil
by doing evil.
- There is no time.
- No!
- It's the only way.
- May God forgive us!
- Amen.
I can do this all day long.
Now. let her go.
You must let us finish.
If she is slain.
his hope of creating a kingdom
on earth dies with her.
Her death is God's will.
It's not God's will.
it's your will.
- And it will lead to our destruction.
- Jericho.
She must be removed. It's
the only way to defeat him.
For a thousand years. we
prepared ourselves for this.
We're not afraid to die.
Good. because
I'm not afraid to kill you.
Let her go.
Go. Go. Get out of here.
Go!
God help us.
We're too late.
I've come for my wife.
Let's go.
This is the house of the Lord. our
God. and you are not welcome here.
I can stand the pain of being in church.
How much pain can you bear?
Christine. come to me.
I am the one
you've been waiting for.
I am the answer
to your prayers.
In the name of God.
I order you to leave here now!
May the wrath of God destroy...
A thousand years you have
waited for my return.
And behold. you have failed.
And with your last breath. you shall
bear witness to the End of Days.
No! Jericho!
Get in the car! Run!
Jesus! Come on!
Bobby. what the hell
are you doing?
What are you doing?
Open the door!
Come on. open up!
Jer! Please. stop the car!
Please!
No!
You should've taken my offer.
At least. you would have
been happy once in your life.
Let her go. or I'll kill you.
Oh. so much anger.
so much hatred.
You're almost there.
I'm gonna hurt you so bad.
you're gonna beg to die.
But I'm not gonna let you.
It's not gonna be that easy.
You're mine. and I want you
to see what's gonna happen.
World religious leaders
have asked their followers
to prepare for the new millennium
not with celebrating and partying.
but rather with acts of
kindness. compassion...
This is it. New York. The very
last day of the first 2.000 years.
How long have I been out?
You almost slept the whole day.
You're lucky to be alive.
The time?
It's almost 7:00.
It's not too late.
He has the girl.
But it's not too late.
Jesus. What did you do?
Get hit by a truck?
No. the truck missed me.
Where the hell are you going?
Doing my job.
You know.
the cops are after you.
They have to wait.
I've got to do something.
That son of a bitch.
- Do you wish entrance?
- Yes.
You have much hatred
and vengeance in your heart.
You may pass.
You know this is what you want.
You can't resist. can you?
'Cause you don't want to.
I didn't come here to hurt you.
I came here to love you.
Relax.
Give yourself to me.
No one move.
or I kill the girl.
- What are you doing?
- Trust me.
You're not gonna kill her.
You said it yourself.
I have a dark heart.
- Then stand with me.
- I'll tell you what.
You let us both out of here. and
I'll stand wherever you want.
Step back or
I'll pull the trigger.
I didn't want to kill you. But
now you leave me no choice.
Let her go. Jer.
Oh. don't look at me like that.
You'd be amazed what you agree
to when you're on fire.
Don't do it. Bobby. You're better than this.
You're better than him.
You know. considering
how you've lived your life.
when this is all over. what makes you
think you're going upstairs anyways?
Come on. Jer. This is the main event.
It's gonna happen.
Why shouldn't you have
the best seats in the house?
You will never get a shot off.
and you know it.
Don't do it.
Bobby.
I thought we had a deal.
Well. I guess the deal is off.
No!
You son of a bitch!
Up here.
Shit!
- Oh. thank God.I thought I hit you.
- Just get us out of here!
- Let's go.
- Give me a minute.
I'd feel a lot better if you'd show
me how to use one of those things.
I wanna do something.
Let me help.
All right. Here.
You take the gun. Line up
the sight with your target.
Beware of the recoil.
Here's the magazine.
Put it in. Load.
Only pull the trigger
when you're ready...
- Like that?
- Yeah. like that.
He's on the tracks!
Shit!
- Don't stop.
- What are you doing?
Don't stop!
He's gone.
Oh. God.
We must separate the cars.
What?
Separate the cars.
Jericho!
Don't let go!
That's it. Come on!
Jericho!
Here. Hold on!
How can you expect to defeat
me when you are but a man
and I am forever?
We must lock the doors!
- Deliver us. oh. Lord...
- Everyone out!
Get them to a safe place!
Get them out of here!
What are we gonna do?
- Hide.
- No.
Just hide!
Please. God. help me.
Give me strength.
Christine?
Jericho?
Are you all right?
What happened?
It's over.
We won.
Let's go.
What's wrong?
Nothing is wrong.
Everything is the way
it should be.
No! Jericho! No! No!
No. please! No!
What are you doing?
Jericho! No!
Stop it!
You died for nothing.
You just bought them time.
Please. You have to fight him. Jericho.
I know you.
You're stronger than he is.
That's why you came back for me.
Don't let him win.
Run.
No!
Daddy?
Thank you.